README.md, before:

# Pixels Camp Forever!
_Or... been there, done that, got the t-shirt!_

After being [postponed](https://blog.pixels.camp/pixels-camp-postponed-fddece7ccc4c) three weeks before it was due to happen in March, Pixels Camp v4.0 was [cancelled](https://blog.pixels.camp/) in September due to the still ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the uncertainty around it for the forseeable future. 😔

But the pixels community is still out there, and lacking a place to gather this year doesn't mean we don't yearn for ways to pick each other out of the crowd (metaphorically speaking, of course). **Fancy a free t-shirt?** 🙂

## What?

We have special **_Pixels Camp Forever_** t-shirts ready to be printed and shipped to the first **100** campers that meet the following criteria:

  1. Was **approved** for Pixels Camp v4.0 or any of the previous editions;
  2. Shows some **public proof** that they're a proud member of the pixels community.

## How?

You're probably thinking what we mean by "public proof"...

It means posting a **photo or video** with the hashtags `#pixelscamp` and `#forever` **on social media**. The photo (or video) needs to show you're proud to be part of this community. You can use your imagination or pick one example from this list:

  * A photo of yourself wearing some item of Pixels Camp swag in public;
  * A photo of yourself with a Pixels Camp venue visible in the background (LX Factory warehouse or Carlos Lopes pavillion);
  * A photo from any Pixels Camp edition where you happen to appear (identifying yourself in the photo if not alone);
  * A photo of some item or location related with one of the Pixels Camp v4.0 sponsors, thanking them for supporting us (they deserve it).
  * A nostalgic recollection of having participated in a challenge (must be illustrated in some way, _pics or it didn't happen_);

## What social media?

Well, [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pixelscamp) is our primary social network for event updates, but we understand you may not be active on Twitter and may prefer to post somewhere else and that's fine. You may have to attach a screenshot to the GitHub issue though. 🤔

Don't forget the `#pixelscamp` `#forever` hashtags!

## GitHub issue?

Glad you asked...

After posting on social media, open a new [issue](https://github.com/PixelsCamp/pixelscamp-forever/issues/new/choose) in this repository using the **same GitHub account** as you used for Pixels Camp. This is how we will keep track of shipping, and also the final proof that you're `#oneofus`.

The issue template is pretty straightforward except for the shipping address part. The world doesn't need to know your real name and address, and we're a bunch of nerds, so you'll have to encrypt it in a way only we can decrypt it, which means **asymmetric cryptography** is involved: 💥🤓

  1. Paste this certificate (our public key) into a file called `public.crt`:
```
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
```
  2. Write your name and shipping address in a file called `file.txt`;
  3. Encrypt `file.txt` with a random 256-bit key unique to you:
```
openssl rand -out random.key 32
openssl aes-256-cbc -e -in file.txt -pass file:random.key | base64 > file.enc
```
  4. Encrypt the random 256-bit key with our public key:
```
openssl rsautl -encrypt -inkey public.crt -certin -in random.key | base64 > random.enc
rm -f random.key
```
  5. Place the contents of `file.enc` and `random.enc` in the _shipping information_ and _shared key_ sections of the GitHub issue.

**Note:** The shipping address you give us will only be used to send you the t-shirt, we won't store it in our database.

On our side we'll use our private key (which only a couple of people have access to) with the following commands to see your address:
```
base64 -d random.enc | openssl rsautl -decrypt -inkey private.key -out decryption.key
base64 -d file.enc | openssl aes-256-cbc -d -pass file:decryption.key
```

## How do I know I've won?

When we accept your submission we'll let you know in the GitHub issue itself.

## Important note!

Due to logistics constraints, we're only able to ship to within the portuguese territory (mainland and islands). 📦 🚐 🇵🇹

--<br>
The Pixels Camp Organization, 2020

Commit message:

Fix OpenSSL commands to ensure interoperability
OpenSSL has different defaults in different versions.

README.md, after:

# Pixels Camp Forever!
_Or... been there, done that, got the t-shirt!_

After being [postponed](https://blog.pixels.camp/pixels-camp-postponed-fddece7ccc4c) three weeks before it was due to happen in March, Pixels Camp v4.0 was [cancelled](https://blog.pixels.camp/) in September due to the still ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and the uncertainty around it for the forseeable future. 😔

But the pixels community is still out there, and lacking a place to gather this year doesn't mean we don't yearn for ways to pick each other out of the crowd (metaphorically speaking, of course). **Fancy a free t-shirt?** 🙂

## What?

We have special **_Pixels Camp Forever_** t-shirts ready to be printed and shipped to the first **100** campers that meet the following criteria:

  1. Was **approved** for Pixels Camp v4.0 or any of the previous editions;
  2. Shows some **public proof** that they're a proud member of the pixels community.

## How?

You're probably thinking what we mean by "public proof"...

It means posting a **photo or video** with the hashtags `#pixelscamp` and `#forever` **on social media**. The photo (or video) needs to show you're proud to be part of this community. You can use your imagination or pick one example from this list:

  * A photo of yourself wearing some item of Pixels Camp swag in public;
  * A photo of yourself with a Pixels Camp venue visible in the background (LX Factory warehouse or Carlos Lopes pavillion);
  * A photo from any Pixels Camp edition where you happen to appear (identifying yourself in the photo if not alone);
  * A photo of some item or location related with one of the Pixels Camp v4.0 sponsors, thanking them for supporting us (they deserve it).
  * A nostalgic recollection of having participated in a challenge (must be illustrated in some way, _pics or it didn't happen_);

## What social media?

Well, [Twitter](https://twitter.com/pixelscamp) is our primary social network for event updates, but we understand you may not be active on Twitter and may prefer to post somewhere else and that's fine. You may have to attach a screenshot to the GitHub issue though. 🤔

Don't forget the `#pixelscamp` `#forever` hashtags!

## GitHub issue?

Glad you asked...

After posting on social media, open a new [issue](https://github.com/PixelsCamp/pixelscamp-forever/issues/new/choose) in this repository using the **same GitHub account** as you used for Pixels Camp. This is how we will keep track of shipping, and also the final proof that you're `#oneofus`.

The issue template is pretty straightforward except for the shipping address part. The world doesn't need to know your real name and address, and we're a bunch of nerds, so you'll have to encrypt it in a way only we can decrypt it, which means **asymmetric cryptography** is involved: 💥🤓

  1. Paste this certificate (our public key) into a file called `public.crt`:
```
-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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-----END CERTIFICATE-----
```
  2. Write your name and shipping address in a file called `file.txt`;
  3. Encrypt `file.txt` with a random 256-bit key unique to you:
```
openssl rand -out random.key 32
openssl aes-256-cbc -e -in file.txt -md sha256 -pbkdf2 -pass file:random.key | base64 > file.enc
```
  4. Encrypt the random 256-bit key with our public key:
```
openssl rsautl -encrypt -inkey public.crt -certin -in random.key | base64 > random.enc
rm -f random.key
```
  5. Place the contents of `file.enc` and `random.enc` in the _shipping information_ and _shared key_ sections of the GitHub issue.

**Note 1:** The shipping address you give us will only be used to send you the t-shirt, we won't store it in our database.
**Note 2:** If you get errors about unknown options in the above commands, make user you're using at least version 1.1.1 of OpenSSL.

On our side we'll use our private key (which only a couple of people have access to) with the following commands to see your address:
```
base64 -d random.enc | openssl rsautl -decrypt -inkey private.key -out decryption.key
base64 -d file.enc | openssl aes-256-cbc -d -md sha256 -pbkdf2 -pass file:decryption.key
```

## How do I know I've won?

When we accept your submission we'll let you know in the GitHub issue itself.

## Important note!

Due to logistics constraints, we're only able to ship to within the portuguese territory (mainland and islands). 📦 🚐 🇵🇹

--<br>
The Pixels Camp Organization, 2020
